docs: Add docs for schema Admin API services (#483)
cerbos/cerbos: docs/modules/api/pages/admin_api.adoc

    }
  ]
}
----
<1> List of schema definitions

> <2> base64 encoded schema definition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> base64 encoded link:http://json-schema.org[JSON schema] definition
```

.Response
[source,json,linenums]
----
{}
----

== List schemas [`/admin/schemas`]

Issue a GET request to the endpoint to list the schemas available in the store.

> NOTE: Only the schema ids will be responded for this request. Please use the get schema endpoint to retrieve related
> schema's definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Only the schema IDs will be returned from this request. Use the `GetSchema` endpoint to retrieve the full  definition of a schema.
```

.Response
[source,json,linenums]
----
{
    "schemaIds": [ <1>
        "principal.json",
        "leave_request.json"
    ]
}
----
<1> List of schema ids

> 

Reviewer: Follow the same convention as the rest of the documentation (e.g. https://docs.cerbos.dev/cerbos/latest/api/admin_api.html#_list_policies_adminpolicylist) and add an example `cURL` request here.

> == Get schema(s) [`/admin/schema?id=principal.json&id=leave_request.json`]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Get schema(s) [`/admin/schema`]
```

> Issue a GET request to the endpoint to get the schema(s) stated in the query parameters.

Reviewer: Add curl example

        },
        {
            "id": "leave_request.json",
            "definition": "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"
        }
    ]
}
----
<1> List of schemas

> == Delete schema(s) [`/admin/schema?id=principal.json&id=leave_request.json`]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Delete schema(s) [`/admin/schema`]
```

> Issue a DELETE request to the endpoint to delete the schema(s) stated in the query parameters.

Reviewer: Add curl example
